---
title: "Bitcoin Death Spiral!"
date: 2021-03-07T19:34:10-05:00
draft: true
---

A Bitcoin death spiral prediction! From a Johns Hopkins University Economics Professor no less. 

Prof. Steve Hanke was on Kitco News with David Lin on February 24th. 

{{< youtube id="7pnyBuSK3iQ" >}}

When you watch the interview you'll notice that they jump around on topics. I think if there was a logical progression in thought during the interview you may have actually witnessed Prof. Hanke have a [Cathy Newman](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3rxbaECKIQ) moment.

David starts off by asking Prof. Hanke about Bitcoin. David ask him "What do you think of Bitcoin?". To which Hanke says:

> "It's climbed because there's a tremendous amount of speculation and a herd of speculators bidding on bitcoin that's why it's going up. So it's it's markup price its market value is what it is you know it's about $49,000 almost $50,000 today per bitcoin  but then there's another issue and that  is well what's the fundamental value of bitcoin and the fundamental value is zero... "     

> "... the easiest way to get that uh under your hat is to think in terms of the flow of income generated by bitcoin and the flow  is zero it's not like money money broadly defined most fiat monies broadly defined  have a fundamental value because they pay interest if you look at the 14 components of m4 that's the broadest money measure in the united states 10 of those components for example like treasury bills that's a component of broad money   treasury bills pay interest well bitcoin doesn't pay interest that's that's why you can say unambiguously that it has a fundamental value of zero it pays no interest."

There is a lot to unpack there in just those two statements.         